Store API: Introduce API Versioning System (#5911)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block: src/StoreApi/docs/guiding-principles.md

| Route                 | Resource type | Expected data               |
| :-------------------- | :------------ | :-------------------------- |
| `wc/store/cart`       | Cart          | A cart object               |
| `wc/store/cart/items` | Cart Item     | A list of cart item objects |
| `wc/store/products`   | Product       | A list of product objects   |
| `wc/store/products/1` | Product       | A product object            |

There are 2 notable exceptions to this rule in the Store API; _Errors_ and _Cart Operations_.

### Error Handling

Errors, including validation errors, should return an error response code (4xx or 5xx) and a [`WP_Error` object](https://developer.wordpress.org/reference/classes/wp_error/). The `AbstractRoute` class will handle the conversion of the `WP_Error` object into a valid JSON response.

Error messages should be localized, but do not need to be written with language aimed at customers (clients should use the given error code to create customer-facing notices as needed).

### Cart Operations

> Some endpoints are designed around operations to avoid client’s needing to make multiple round trips to the API. This is purely for convenience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some endpoints are designed around operations to avoid clients needing to make multiple round trips to the API. This is purely for convenience.
```
